[Hiroki]
"I always have a premonition
of losing something."
That's what she told me.
[commuting crowd]
[train horn]
I was just a middle school
student at the time,
so there was no way that
I could really understand
what she was saying.
But still,
those words of hers strangely
moved my heart.
It was before the war,
when the huge island called Ezo
was still a foreign territory.
[jet overhead]
[Sayuri] Amazing!
An airplane!
[Hiroki] On that distant day,
beyond those clouds,
I had a promised place
with her.
[Sayuri]
"While you were suffering..."
"...from severe fever,
you asked me to get one
final bowl full of snow...
that fell from the sky of the
world called the galaxy,
the sun, the sky, and so on.
The sleet has accumulated
so desolately...
on the two pieces of
granite stone.
Standing on them, unstable,
from this pine tree,
and its shiny branch
that keeps pure, white snow
full of clear, cold drops."
[Hiroki] In those days,
we admired two things .
[girl] How many minutes left?
[friend] We've still got time.
[Takuya] Heads up.
[Hiroki] That's hot! Thanks.
[Takuya] Hiroki, when are you
going to work next time?
[Hiroki] Well, since I've got
club activities until tomorrow,
maybe the day after that?
How about you, Takuya?
[Takuya] Tomorrow's my last
training day, so...
How's the day after
tomorrow sound?
Okay.
[train arriving]
One of the two things that
we admired was our classmate,
Sayuri Sawatari.
[clatter]
And the other...
was that enormous tower
that rose beyond the border...
on the other side
of the Tsugaru Strait.
[Hiroki] I was always looking
up at that tower .
I felt something
very important to me
was waiting at that place.
I almost longed for that tower.
[bang]
Someday...
Someday I'm going to get there.
[girl] Senior Shirakawa!
Catch you later, man.
Yeah, sorry.
Um, we know you seniors
are retiring today, so...
There's something
we'd like to give you.
[in unison] Go on, Kana!
What?!
Um...
[Kana] Here...
[Hiroki] And you turned her
down, as usual.
Hm...
[Hiroki] Matsuura in year one,
huh? She's cute though.
If you think so,
you go out with her.
[Hiroki] What?!
If it was you, would you?
What? No... Why would I?
[Takuya] So, you have someone
else you like?
[Hiroki] What? W-Why?
Well, it's true that
I think she's cute,
but I don't really know
what you do
when you go out
with someone...
Not really. Know what I mean?
It wasn't you she
confessed her love to.
You asked me about it!
[school bell]
Sayuri...
Hiroki!
Sayuri.
[Hiroki] You're going home late.
[Sayuri] Yeah, I was late
because I was practicing...
[Hiroki] Violin?
[Sayuri] Yeah...
[Sayuri] You're not with Takuya?
[Hiroki] Yeah, I was also
doing club activities.
[Sayuri]
I notice you sometimes practice
your archery by yourself.
Yeah well, I'm...
I'm not really that good yet.
My mind wanders a lot...
[Sayuri] Do you have any plans
during spring break?
[Hiroki] Yeah, I'm going to
be working with Takuya.
[Sayuri] Work?
I'm jealous! Where?
[Hiroki] At a military factory
in Hamana.
Working on guided missiles
and stuff.
[Sayuri] It's great that
you've got a job.
I've only got my
club activities...
[Hiroki] Really?
[Sayuri] Yeah...
[speaker] The next station
is Nakaoguni, Nakaoguni.
[speaker] After Nakaoguni,
we'll stop at Oodaira.
[Sayuri] Oh, this is my stop.
[Sayuri] You know, yesterday,
I had a dream I would go home
with you like this...
[Sayuri] Bye-bye!
See you next semester!
Okay...
[train horn]
[radio] At the 11th Ministerial
Level Conference...
between America and the Union,
scheduled for three days
from the 12th,
it appears that the focus
will be Japan's response to
the North-South problem,
continuing to cause tension.
The Union government shows their
deep concerns about...
the reinforcement of Misawa Base
and the other
American facilities.
On the other hand,
the American government
shows their uneasiness...
towards the fact that the Union-
[Hiroki] Hello!
Cool! I'm just in time for
a tea break?
Yeah, have a seat.
[Hiroki] Okay.
[Takuya] You're late, Hiroki.
[Hiroki] Sorry.
Hiroki, I heard about it.
So you guys went and stole a
Chukar from the MSDF, huh?
[Takuya] Like I said...
That's not true!
[Hiroki] That's not true!
We didn't steal it.
[Hiroki] We found it
in Amagamori!
[worker b] So you did steal it.
[worker a] Well, I guess it'll
be all right,
since they fly drones in lots of
training these days.
But just make sure they can't
trace it back to you guys.
[worker b] That's right.
The Public Safety Commission
already watches
this place, so...
[door opening]
[Okabe] Let's stop saying things
that could smear my reputation!
Now back to work, you guys!
[in unison] Yes, Sir.
See you later.
[Takuya] Yeah.
[Hiroki] See ya.
I want you two kids to come
right to work tomorrow,
you got it?
I'll work you for more than what
those materials cost.
[in unison] Okay.
Well then, we're outta here.
[Okabe] Okay.
[Hiroki] There was a reason
we started working .
I heard that when Ezo was still
called Hokkaido,
and was part of this country,
there was a plan to dig a tunnel
underneath the Tsugaru Strait.
It ended up being interrupted
because of the North-South
division,
but around this area in
the mountains,
traces of its construction,
discontinued stations and
rails, remained here and there.
In one of those
discontinued stations
on top of this mountain,
we'd been making something
since last year.
The reason we worked at
Emishi Plant,
a US subcontracted
military factory,
was to earn money for the parts
for what we were building.
That place that,
even though we could see it
so close
we could almost touch it,
we couldn't go.
We wanted to see with our own
eyes that unknown island...
and the enormous Tower
that rose there.
No matter what.
[Takuya] Looks like a lot
of snow melted.
I want to start up again.
[Hiroki] Yeah, if we don't
get any more.
[Takuya]
At any rate, we'd better get the
rest of the materials we need.
We still don't have
the outer nanonet or
the self-starting motor.
[Hiroki] The big thing's the
superconducting motor.
And we'll need kerosene
too, man...
We might not earn enough with
just the work from tomorrow.
[Hiroki]
It'll work out, somehow. We have
summer break too, you know.
Yeah, that's true.
[Hiroki] So we were planning
to fly to that Tower
beyond the border. ..
in this airplane that we named
Bella Ciela.
[Sayuri] That same
dream again...
[Takuya] Sayuri.
[Sayuri] Takuya...
[Takuya] So you-
[Sayuri] Oh, uh-
[Takuya] Sorry.
[Sayuri] It's okay.
[in unison] Hiroki said that-
[giggle]
We haven't spent too much time
alone together, have we?
You may be right.
[Sayuri] So, Takuya,
do you like physics?
[Takuya] Oh, this book?
Yeah, I'm interested in it.
[Sayuri] That's amazing.
I was told my grandfather
was a physicist.
[Takuya] Really?
Well, that's certainly more
amazing than my
interest in the subject.
[Sayuri] Though,
I've never met him.
[Takuya] Because of the
North-South division?
[Sayuri] Yeah...
[Takuya] I see...
[Sayuri] Hey, you guys are still
working, right? Is it fun?
[Takuya]
I don't know. The factory's
owned by this scary old man.
He works us pretty hard and
yells at us a lot.
[Sayuri] Is he that scary?
[Takuya] He's a demon.
[Sayuri] Really?
[Takuya] You wanna come
see the place?
[Sayuri] Won't I be in
your way, though?
No and Hiroki'd like to see you.
Great! Then I'll come!
[speaker] The train bound for
Kanita and Minmaya...
is arriving at Platform 2.
Please step back and wait
behind the white line.
Um, hey, Takuya?
This might sound strange,
so you promise not to laugh?
What? Tell me, I won't laugh.
Okay then, I'll tell you.
[train arriving]
Why did you do something
like that without asking?
What was I supposed to do?
The conversation was just going
in that direction.
[Takuya] What do we do?
Do we tell her about
flying to the Tower too?
[Hiroki] That wouldn't be
a good idea.
[Takuya] Right...
So what do we say if she wants
to know where we're going?
Hey there...
[in unison] Huh?!
Uh, hello.
Man, is it hot today-
Hello, Sir. How are you?
Hello there. Sorry.
Well... uh...
[Okabe] So the kids have told
me an awful lot about you.
[jet overhead]
Mr. Okabe...
Was he single?
Nah, I heard he was
divorced once.
[Hiroki]
Somehow that makes sense.
[Okabe] Well thank you so much!
[Sayuri] I didn't know a place
like this existed!
It's so big!
[Sayuri] Amazing! An airplane?
That's right.
Are you two building
this yourselves?
[Hiroki]
Yeah. We've been working
little by little since
the year two summer.
[Takuya] We're working at the
factory to pay for parts.
Mr. Okabe's been helping
us a lot.
[Takuya] Right?
[Hiroki] Mmhmm...
[Takuya] It's still far from
being finished though.
[Sayuri] It's amazing...
It really is!
[Hiroki] Thanks...
Hey, when is the airplane going
to be finished?
[Takuya] We actually want
to complete it
during the summer break...
[Hiroki] But we probably
can't do it.
[Takuya] Seems like it's gonna
take a lot more time.
Our goal is to finish it before
the end of the year.
[Sayuri] I see...
So, where are you going
in your plane?
[Hiroki] We're going to
that tower.
[Sayuri] Tower? You mean the
Union Tower?
Mmhmm...
[Takuya] We think it'll take
about 40 minutes to fly there.
[Hiroki] The question is how
we cross the border,
but we've got some ideas
about that, too.
[Sayuri] Wow!
Hokkaido sounds great!
[Hiroki] You wanna go
with us, Sayuri?
[Sayuri] What? Is it okay?
[in unison] Mmhmm!
[Sayuri] Really? Yes, I'll go!
I wanna go!
Wow! Thank you!
But I don't know if
it'll be able to fly.
Don't worry! It'll fly!
[Sayuri] Yeah!
Okay, then it's a promise!
[Takuya] Yeah.
[Hiroki] It's a promise.
[Sayuri] Okay!
[Hiroki] In those days,
I felt that time and place
would continue on
like that the rest of my life.
[thunder]
The Tower that was beyond
the clouds that I admired,
became an important promised
place to me.
I think there was nothing for
us to fear at that moment.
But the truth was that
the world and history
were changing all around us.
But in those days,
I felt only
the smell of the night
floating in the train,
the trust toward my friend,
and the hint of Sayuri
that shook the air,
were everything in the world.
[TV] From late last night,
until before dawn this morning,
in the buffer area
that lies between the
42nd latitude line
and off the Tsugaru Strait,
a small scale armed
conflict occurred between
the US/Japanese military
and the Union military.
Receiving this news,
the Metropolitan Police
Department announced
that they will deploy 3300-
[ringing]
Okay.
[Okabe]
Of course I'll sell you kerosene
or anything else if you pay.
But jet fuel? That's expensive.
Why don't you just use a
reciprocating engine,
or a superconducting motor?
You got the rest?
Yeah!
Then take care of it.
Hey, why the hell
do you wanna take the trouble
of using jet engines?
[in unison] 'Cause it's cool!
Is that the reason?
[Hiroki]
Hold on a second,
there were a lot of other
reasons, weren't there?
[Takuya] Let's see...
Oh, that one!
[in unison] We were lucky
to find it!
That's not it!
[Hiroki]
What was it?
Remember, the reason for
making it a dual engine?
There was a good reason for it.
[Takuya] Oh, that was it!
[in unison] We wanted it
to transform!
[boys] That's not it!
[Okabe] I don't care
what it is...
Just don't die. It'll mean
nothing but trouble for me.
[Okabe] Okay, you kids be sure
to come right to work...
every day when summer
break starts.
[boys] Okay!
[Sayuri] So...
You really want me to play it?
[Hiroki] Yeah, we'll come see
you after school.
[door closing]
Hey, I'm just telling you,
I'm not that good...
Don't worry.
I've never seen someone
play the violin in person.
I want to hear.
I want to hear it, too.
I feel kind of nervous...
[♪♪]
[Hiroki] Nanonet doesn't
reflect radar, does it?
[Takuya] But we're going to be
flying in the buffer area.
Even if it has a nanonet
exterior, if we fly carelessly,
the US military will spot us
before the Union does.
[Hiroki] I guess we don't have
any other choice...
but to fly as low as possible
and mix in the wave
and the shape of the land.
[Takuya] If we leave
early in the morning,
we can hide in
the morning haze, too.
[Hiroki] We have a map of Ezo?
[Takuya] This is the only
detailed one.
We won't know the actual shape
of the land until we go there,
so we'll have to measure the
altitude after landing.
[Hiroki] But isn't it the case
that so long as we land,
the Union's radars won't
catch us?
The Bella Ciela's
radar profile
should be smaller than
a small bird, right?
[Takuya] Probably... Unless
we're really, really unlucky.
[jet overhead]
[boom]
[crack]
[Hiroki] Sayuri!
Hang on!
It's all right.
I mean, it's not that far.
We've had this before we...
[Hiroki] I'm glad I made
it on time.
I'll just-
[crack] [scream]
You all right?
Mmhmm...
Sorry. Thank you.
[Takuya] Hey!
That was awesome!
[Takuya] What are you doing?!
Knock it off, Hiroki!
[Hiroki] Sorry, I just had to.
[Takuya] What'd you say?!
What'd you go and do that for?
[Hiroki] Oh, come on,
don't be angry like that.
[Takuya] Oh,
I'm angry all right!
Now stay there!
Let's go, Sayuri.
[Hiroki] Takuya...
Sayuri, say something to him!
[giggling]
[Sayuri] Sorry, Takuya.
[Takuya] Hiroki's stupid.
Forget about him and let's go.
[Hiroki] Hey, Takuya...
[Sayuri] I was having
a dream earlier.
Just for a second.
[Hiroki] A dream?
What kind of dream?
[Sayuri] Hmm...
I forgot, actually.
But it was probably a dream
about that Tower.
[Takuya] It's a pretty amazing
view, isn't it?
The Union is incredible.
[Hiroki] I feel like
the top of the Tower could
even lead to some other world.
[Sayuri] The sun...
It's setting so
slowly, isn't it?
[Hiroki] That was a really
special summer.. .
But the world surrounding
me would betray me
so many times
from that point on.
I haven't seen Sayuri for
three years since that day...
[footsteps]
[Tomizawa] We have some
visitors, gentlemen.
But don't worry about them.
1st Phase completed.
Let's proceed to Phase Two.
[Takuya] Okay!
Filtering stage, begin.
Vector resolution,
25% higher than last time.
That's good.
Maybe we can make it.
Choose the algorithm well.
[student] Okay.
Takuya, what's the algorithm?
A modified filtering for
extracting groups.
It's Ekusun Tsukinoe's thesis.
[student] Ekusun Tsukinoe?
The from the Union?
Yes.
How did you... who did you say?
[Takuya]
Hold on a second, please.
The reaction's building up.
And who's that?
The researcher from the
Union who first...
proved the existence of
parallel worlds.
Said to be the designer
of the Tower.
[Takuya] Got it!
XA, YC, ZC: confirmed
exposure reactions.
[Takuya] There are five,
no, six branch universes!
Six, huh? Alright then,
begin the harmonization stage.
Beginning Phase Three.
And starting the approach to
connect closest parallel world.
[student] Roger that!
He's so fast!
[Arisaka] Shirakawa is the
closest one.
Twelve more Exa to reach
the connectable territory,
11... 10... 9.4... 9.2...
[beeping]
It got connected!
[Takuya]
Successful connection to one of
the nearby branch universes.
Exposure reactions stable.
Good. Move on to
conversion stage.
[Arisaka] Starting the
4th Phase,
space replacement
with the parallel world.
So that spiral is the Tower,
I take it?
Yes, that's right.
We'll replace several
square inches of space
in the center with
that of a different universe.
[Arisaka] I've confirmed
a disparate matter conversion
of 60 nanoradius space.
It's expanding rapidly.
Naked eye visual
confirmation soon.
That one part
is a completely different space
composed of
a different universe.
Is this the same operation that
the Ezo Tower's doing?
Yes, although that is on a much
larger scale.
We're still at a point where
we only succeed once every
few tries replacing the space
the size of a grain of sand.
We've got a problem.
It's not good!
[Arisaka] Exposure
reactions decreasing.
We can't keep up the
connection...
with the parallel world
any longer.
[beep]
[Arisaka] The wave
function converged.
The branch universe
completely disappeared.
We succeeded in replacing
1.3mm of disparate matter.
[door opening]
[Maki] Have a good day.
[Arisaka] Oh, you, too.
Professor Tomizawa,
is Shirakawa free now?
He is. You two sure are
spending a lot of time together.
[Maki]
You're the one who asked me
to be with him until
he gets used to this place.
Did I? Oh, by the way, Maki,
I'm going to Tokyo on
business tomorrow.
[Maki] It's the research report
meeting, right?
[Tomizawa] That too, but it
seems they found the key.
[Maki] The key? The one
you told me about before?
[Tomizawa] Yeah.
Your Brain Science team may
start putting in longer hours.
[door opening]
Maki...
The military seems
to be here a lot.
The one in the suit is
probably NSA.
NSA?
The National Security Agency.
I see. There have been a lot of
terrorism rumors lately.
[Maki] Did it go well today?
Not well enough.
Best we can do is barely naked
eye visual replacement.
And we're still far behind
the Union's Tower.
[Maki] You can't help it since
they're so far ahead of us.
And they have been,
even with basic physics.
Since the beginning.
[ding]
[Takuya] We don't know why
the disparate matter conversion
stops at a 2 km radius
point from the Tower.
If it's to attack enemies,
it doesn't work.
It's function may be suspended
by some accident...
Or maybe it's simply an
experimental facility.
Or the disparate
matter conversion itself
is a function that's
somehow out of control.
Professor Tomizawa says there
may be some external cause
that's suppressing the
Tower's function.
[Maki] Hey, Shirakawa...
What are you doing tomorrow?
Your high school's
on break, right?
There's something
I want to research.
At the library?
No. I'm going to a
friend's factory.
What do you mean you want
to see the factory?
We don't do tours here!
Huh? What'd you say?
[Okabe] A girl? How old is she?
I don't really know.
[Takuya] I think she's kind
of pretty though...
Okay! Then I'll be waiting
for ya.
[Maki] Wow.
What amazing antennas!
Well, I've got to be
honest with you,
some of them aren't
exactly legal.
But they can connect to some
pretty interesting places.
I bet...
[Okabe] And you specialize
in brain research,
is that right Miss Maki?
[Maki] Yes. Things like
memories, sleep, dreams...
[worker b]
You work at the same research
lab as Takuya, don't you?
I thought you were
researching the Tower.
[Takuya] Yes, I do research
on the Tower...
How can I put it?
We both do research dealing
with parallel worlds.
[worker b] Parallel worlds?
Well, just like a person
dreams at night,
the universe also "dreams".
[Maki] This world's hiding
various possibilities of...
It-could-have-been-like-this
in its dreams.
We call them "parallel worlds"
or "branch universes."
My research is to investigate
the effects
that the parallel worlds
have on people's brains
and dreams.
[Maki] The dominant view is
that the Union's Tower
is also observing
those same things.
While we can now
observe parallel worlds
using technology,
the brains of life forms
may have been perceiving it
unconsciously from
ancient times.
The information about the branch
universes that comes and goes
at the quantum level within
the brain...
may just be the source of things
that people call
"premonition" or "precognition".
I'm researching
things like that.
[Okabe] Wow.
The dreams of the universe...
Sounds very romantic to me.
[in unison] "Romantic"?
Problem with that?
I'm very impressed with you,
Miss Maki.
[Okabe] A government advisory
counsel researcher at your age.
Why thanks.
But since I've admired the
Tower for years,
it's very fulfilling
work for me.
I've admired it myself.
You and I have a lot in common.
[Maki] Shirakawa's the one
who's truly admirable!
He's the youngest
outside researcher!
And his enthusiasm, well,
he's just so cool!
[Takuya] Uh... No, I'm not...
I'm not that cool actually.
[Maki] I'd better get going now.
Oh my gosh, I'm so sorry.
It looks like
I ate most of them.
[Okabe] That's all right.
Takuya, are you going to
the city?
[Takuya] Yeah,
I'm taking Maki home.
[Okabe] Do you mind giving
me a lift?
[Maki and worker] What?
[Takuya] Okay.
[Maki and worker] What?!
You can just drop me off
at the station.
What? You're not going back?
I'll be going to Tokyo on
business tomorrow.
[Takuya] Mr. Okabe...
[Okabe] Yeah?
[Takuya] Have you thought about
what I asked you?
[Okabe] What was that?
[Takuya] About Uilta.
[Okabe] Ah.
You're awfully persistent.
It looks to me like you're
working hard at the lab.
That work seems
worthwhile, right?
[Takuya] That's not really
the case.
I just need to settle matters
with that Tower...
[beep, beep, beep]
[nurse] What's the matter?
Nothing. I just didn't think
you could see the Tower
from Tokyo, as well.
Yeah, there are days
like that...
The air's quite
clear today, so...
This way, please, Sir.
[doctor] That's the
progression of her condition
since she was
admitted to this hospital.
The onset was in the summer of
her third year in middle school.
The cause is unknown.
The hours of sleep gradually
got longer,
and she was able to stay awake
for only limited periods
of time.
This girl has been asleep
for three years.
You're telling me she's having
some sort of dream?
That's what the recorded
brain waves show.
Hmm. The DNA test?
On page six.
Yes, I see...
She's from a divided
family? Fine.
This is the request document
from the Ministry of Health,
Labor and Welfare.
[Tomizawa] As soon as the
transfer date is decided,
you'll receive the
official documents.
What's this letter?
[doctor] Something that the
patient was writing...
at the beginning of her
hospitalization.
Did you read it?
[doctor] No.
[Tomizawa] Emishi Plant...
[Tomizawa]
Thus, by detecting the disparity
of the multiple universes...
that keep branching off
in its path,
a highly accurate prediction
of the future becomes possible.
The ultimate goal of my research
lab lies here as well.
This isn't a conventional
theoretical model,
nor probability theory,
but entirely information
that is based on the results
of the actual future.
[Tomizawa] So the impact
of this matter,
on key decision making in
politics and military affairs,
will likely be incalculable.
I believe you can all draw your
own conclusions.
But on the other hand, we have
no other choice but to think...
that the applied technology
of the Quantum-Gravity
theory on the Union side...
has reached such a high level,
that we're no match for them.
It's generally assumed that the
construction of the Ezo Tower
was started in 1974,
after the North-South division,
with operations beginning
around 1996.
[Tomizawa] Ironic that
mainlander, Ekusun Tsukinoe,
played a central
role in the design.
Next, I'll explain
new experiments
for parallel world detection.
[Tomizawa] I thought there
was someone in the audience
with a bad attitude.
[Okabe] I was listening
to your talk,
and from what I can understand,
you want to look into the dreams
God's having, is that right?
Do a little dream
reading, as it were.
[Tomizawa] Well, that's more
or less correct.
You interested?
[Okabe] I've prepared a bid.
You know, it's been a while.
How about going out tonight?
[Tomizawa]
Shirakawa's excellent.
He's certainly got aptitude.
[Okabe] You're glad you talked
to him, aren't you?
[Tomizawa] Yeah. But since when
did you start student placement?
[Okabe] Well, you could say
they're special to me.
[Tomizawa] They're special?
Yeah. There's another student
of mine that I'm getting
kind of worried about.
Can't seem to make
contact with him.
The two of them were making
an airplane together.
That brings back some memories!
Is that why you came to Tokyo?
I thought it was another
matter entirely.
What'd you think it was?
The Uilta matter.
Actually, it is the
main reason.
Going to be able to get our
hands on a PL outer-shell bomb.
Don't ask me where though.
I have an idea, more or less,
without asking.
And so what? Want to ask me if
they work against the Tower?
Maybe.
Yeah, I think they'll work.
The exterior of the Tower
will likely vaporize.
And there's reason to believe
the interior is made up of
nanonet ribbons.
It'll probably fall
down in flames.
Yup... PL outer-shell bombs
may be most suitable.
I see.
But such action by Uilta
may raise the chance
of starting a war...
[Tomizawa] Why don't you
pass on it?
[Okabe] That's why we'll do it.
[Tomizawa] Is this
matter decided?
[Okabe] More or less.
Since there are so many
higher-ups who are anxious
to start a war.
[Tomizawa] Wasn't your ideology
North-South unification?
And it still is.
[Tomizawa] I do feel it's too
valuable to be destroyed.
From the Alliance side,
it's fruit of technologies are
almost unbelievable.
It's just standing there
at most with no real effect.
So uh...
Don't hide it from me.
That Tower's not operating
right now,
but there's a possibility
it's a weapon that'll reverse
the surrounding space...
[Tomizawa] So you knew?
[Okabe] Yeah.
[Tomizawa] I like that view,
though... to be honest.
Every so often, I run into
romantic guys just like you.
[Tomizawa] Oka-chan, can I ask
you a question?
[Okabe] Sure.
[Tomizawa] A while back,
a person who may be related to
the secret of that Tower...
was discovered.
Really?
A girl, actually.
Still in her teens.
[Okabe] I see.
And?
[Tomizawa] Is she someone
you know?
[running water]
[Tomizawa] I don't mean to be
nagging you about this,
but it'd be best to keep
this information about her
from Shirakawa...
until we know more.
Especially if they were close.
[Okabe] He'll find
out eventually.
[Tomizawa] Even so, I wouldn't
worry him right now.
It's already within the
jurisdiction of the NSA.
It'd be best if you kept your
nose out of it.
[Tomizawa] What this universe
dreams about, though...
Yes...
I would like to see that, too...
[Sayuri] A cold,
deep wind blew there...
a wind that seemed as if it had
come from a far away universe.
And the air had the smell
of a different universe.
The sky... clouds...
and a collapsed town...
No matter how far I walk,
there's no one.
I feel cold...
Why am I in a place like this?
Somebody...
Hey, somebody!
Hiroki...
[chalk on board]
That dream again...
[school bell]
[Hiroki] In the end, we didn't
fly the Bella Ciela.
In its own way,
it was so shocking...
that Sayuri disappeared
three years ago
without saying anything
to either of us .
And I think we were
upset ourselves,
because we stopped building
the airplane because of that.
After graduating
from middle school,
Takuya entered a high school
in Aomori Prefecture,
and I came to a high
school in Tokyo.
It was because I thought
I wouldn't be able to see
the Union's Tower...
But it turned out
to be a disappointment.
I could sometimes see
the Tower from there
when the weather was nice,
On those days...
I felt like I was being
controlled by this heavy
depressed feeling the
whole day.
Lot of tanks.
They're going all the way to
your hometown, aren't they?
Yeah, I guess.
Hey, it's going slow enough we
could jump on if we wanted,
stow away, all the way
to Aomori.
Sometimes letters from
Mr. Okabe arrived,
letting me know how
things were going.
I've never written him back.
[door opening and closing]
Every time I get to my room
and close the door,
I feel severe pain in my mind,
as if the bones
in my entire body
are breaking
through my skin.
I wonder how long it's been...
since I've taken something
like this on myself.
[radio]
Next is the news on the highly
tense international relations.
At the UN Security Council
held on the 19th,
America once again
requested the Union
to accept the UN inspection
group for the Tower of-
[Hiroki] Living alone,
the nights felt long.
[radio]
In response to this, the Union
government showed their stubborn
attitude with
a firm refusal.
[Hiroki] When I couldn't whittle
away the time very well,
I walked to the nearby station,
and killed time pretending that
I was waiting for someone.
When I grew tired of that,
I walked all the way back
to my room...
as slow as I could.
I had friends in high school,
but other than the times I'm
wearing the school uniform,
I somehow
couldn't bring myself
to want to be around them
that much.
In a city where more than
thirty million people live,
come to think of it,
there was no one
whom I wanted to see
or whom I wanted to
talk to.
In the midst of those days,
I sometimes dreamt of Sayuri.
In that dream,
I would look for her, frantic.
But she was at some cold
place, all by herself...
And in the end...
I would always fail
to find her.
But Sayuri's aura,
the one that made my
heart tremble,
remained within my body,
even after waking up.
Before I knew it,
it was my third winter since
I had come to Tokyo.
It was as if I was holding my
breath in deep, cold water...
Every day was like that.
Only, I am...
I'm the only one...
[Sayuri] I'm the only one left
in the world...
That's the way I feel.
That's the way that I feel.
[Takuya] It was my dream to
come to Ezo someday.
I never thought it would
be this easy.
Yeah. This is only the
southern tip.
So you have family on
the Union side?
It's not that, really.
You were born after the
North-South Division,
I can understand how you feel...
[worker b] Like the boss,
he got separated from his family
because of the Division.
So I'm sure he's got different
feelings on the issue.
Yeah? Is that so?
[worker b] But I didn't
expect this.
[Takuya] What?
[worker b] I didn't think our
boss would get you involved.
[Takuya] I begged him and told
him that...
if he didn't let me,
I'd turn his ass in.
You what?!
Man, you live dangerous.
[gunshots]
[Okabe] Not good!
Stupid official!
[boom]
They found out about the
secret communication!
Ship out!
[gunshots]
[worker b] That was a little
too close that time.
But now I've got a prospect
on airspace invasion.
Worthwhile coming all this
way, right?
[speaker] Boss, there's a ship!
Patrol boat!
[siren]
[patrol] You are violating
the territorial borders
of our country!
[Okabe] Starting a war's already
been decided...
What're they doing? Don't they
know what's going on?!
[Okabe] Let's go. Punch it!
[worker c] Yes, Sir!
Three more minutes
'til the border!
Sato, Miyagawa,
gun emplacement, now!
...immediately, or we'll shoot!
[Okabe] Takuya!
Are you all right?!
Takuya!
Those white wings...
I know them!
[Hiroki] When I wake up,
for a second I don't
quite understand where I am.
I sometimes think that I
might've come to...
the wrong place.
But now, I feel the dream
about Sayuri...
is more realistic than
the reality I'm living.
[rustle]
The hospital she's in?
[Hiroki] Sayuri...
[Sayuri] Hiroki... Takuya...
I'm sorry for disappearing
without saying anything to you.
I'm disappointed because
I wanted to spend
the summer break with you.
When I woke up, I was in
a hospital in Tokyo,
and I've been in the
hospital ever since.
The people at the hospital
told me that I should
sever all relationships
that I had before,
but I'm writing this right now
after begging them to let me.
I'll send this to Mr. Okabe
so that you two will read this.
But I don't quite know
what I should write.
I've been having the same
dream, over and over again.
A dream that I'm alone...
in an empty universe where
there's no one around.
In that dream, all of me,
fingers, cheeks, fingernails,
heels, even the tips of
my hair...
ache from such loneliness.
The world filled with warmth,
the one where the three of
us were together,
seems more like a dream than
the dream I'm having now.
But I feel that so long as
I don't lose the memories
from those days,
I may be able to stay
connected to reality.
If only by a fragile,
fragile hold.
[Hiroki] She changed hospitals?
[nurse] Yes, about a week ago.
As for details, you might want
to ask the transfer hospital.
Okay...
Um, which room was
Miss Sawatari in?
[Sayuri] Hiroki... Takuya...
Did that beautiful white
airplane fly safely?
To that Tower beyond the ocean?
[Hiroki] I wonder what this is.
It's the same air from
the dream...
Sayuri...
Are you there?
[in unison] All this time...
all this time...
I've been searching!
Sayuri...
[Hiroki] I really want to
fulfill my promise this time.
I'll fly the Bella Ciela to the
Tower with you on board.
I feel that we'll meet again if
I do that.
I-I won't leave you alone.
I won't give up anymore.
[Hiroki] I'll protect you
forever. I promise.
[Sayuri] Yes, it's a promise.
[Hiroki] Let's fly to the
Tower... together.
[beep, beep, beep]
[Maki] Professor! We need you!
[Arisaka] The operational level
of the Tower
has suddenly been raised!
The limits of
the disparate matter conversion
are expanding rapidly!
Conscious activity level
of the subject is increasing
at the same time!
She may be waking up.
Professor, could this be...?
Disparate matter conversion has
exceeded 20 kilometers!
[Tomizawa] This is...
Is this going to overwrite
the world?
Subject conscious level...
it's going down, Sir!
Speed of disparate matter
conversion... slowing down.
A 26 km radius
has been overwritten
with a parallel world.
Subject consciousness also down
to usual levels.
Her sleep is becoming
stable again.
Professor, I...
Yes.
[Tomizawa] As we thought, the
subject's sleep was the key...
that was restraining the
Tower's activity.
The information of the parallel
world that the Tower captures...
is flowing into the subject's
dream for now,
instead of eroding
the surrounding space.
We must ensure Sayuri Sawatari
keeps dreaming.
[Hiroki] I might have just
been dreaming...
Even then, Sayuri's warmth
that touched my skin
continued to keep
my body warm.
On that distant day,
we made a promise...
we couldn't keep.
[Sayuri] Hey, Takuya...
This may sound strange,
but you promise you won't
laugh, okay?
[Takuya] What? What is it?
I won't laugh.
[Sayuri] Then, I'll tell you.
Um... It's about a dream
I have a lot.
[Takuya] A tall tower?
Is it the Union Tower?
[Sayuri] No. It has a more
crooked and mysterious shape.
Inside the tower where I am,
there are many others just like
it, standing all around.
In the whole area... I know this
for some reason...
but each one is a whole
entirely separate world.
A dream that this universe
is having.
And I can't get out and I
feel so lonely...
and then when I feel like
my mind will disappear...
I see a white airplane
in the sky.
[Takuya] A white airplane?
[Sayuri] Yeah...
[Takuya] And?
[Sayuri] That's the end of
the dream.
[door unlocking]
Thank goodness!
[Maki] Shirakawa, you're awake.
Maki...
[Maki] I was really worried.
You were? why?
[Maki] Does your shoulder
still hurt?
No.
Excuse me.
[Maki] It seems like your
fever's come down.
Are you hungry?
Do you want something to eat?
I brought apples and bananas.
I also went and
bought some cakes.
What would you like?
You can't get in there
with your ID card.
[Tomizawa] Is your injury
better now?
[Takuya] Oh, yes. Sorry for
making you worry.
Listen...
[Tomizawa] I heard that
Maki told you.
Want to see her?
We're speculating that the
reason why she keeps sleeping...
is because her brain cannot bare
the information of the parallel
worlds...
that flows in from the Tower.
If her sleep is broken,
I think the world will be
swallowed up in an instant...
by the parallel worlds with the
Tower at the center of it all.
Frankly, we don't even know
how to wake her up.
[Tomizawa] With the war
starting soon,
it's been decided that
she'll be transferred
to the NSA headquarters,
in the home country,
within a few days.
To the Alliance that falls
far behind in this field,
she is a valuable sample.
[Takuya] Why does it have
to be Sayuri?
[Tomizawa] Although there are
more matters that we don't know
than matters that we do,
I doubt this is
purely coincidence.
Ekusun Tsukinoe,
the designer of the Tower,
is her grandfather.
[Okabe] As you've heard, the
Tower is clearly a weapon.
For the past 25 years,
the Tower had become part of
the everyday scenery...
and it symbolized all
sorts of things.
Nation. War. Race.
Despair. Admiration.
Each generation looked
at it differently...
But regardless,
it seems everyone saw it
as a symbol of something
beyond their reach.
Something that can't be changed.
And as long as they do,
this world probably
won't change.
In just three days,
the American government
will make a declaration of war
to the Union.
Taking advantage of
the confusion caused by
the start of the war,
we'll carry out terrorist
bombings on the Tower.
[Okabe]
We'll invade Ezo airspace
with an unmanned Predator.
Use a Seeker missile carrying
a PL outer-shell bomb.
The Uilta Liberation Front will
be disbanded on the same day.
And today, we close this
factory down as well.
[ringing]
[Takuya] Okay.
Okay, I got it.
See you tomorrow, then.
Hey.
Three years, huh Takuya?
[Takuya] When did you get here?
[Hiroki] The day
before yesterday.
I'm sleeping in the
old station right now.
[Takuya]
The one they closed down?
[Hiroki] Yeah.
Takuya, what happened
to your arm?
[Takuya] Oh. It's nothing.
What do you mean,
"it's nothing"?
[Takuya] I'll tell you
about it later.
I wonder if it's closed today.
[meow]
Chobi! How you doing?
It's been a while, hasn't it?
[jets overhead]
[Takuya] Fly the Bella Ciela?
With Sayuri on board?
[Hiroki] Yeah.
Another day or so and I'll
be finished assembling it.
What's left would be the
control software problem.
[Takuya] Hold on.
Did you hear what I said?
Sayuri keeps sleeping
and the Tower is-
[Hiroki] The Tower is the target
of the terrorist attack, right?
That's why I need your
help, Takuya!
[Hiroki] I told you that
I'd been thinking...
If I fly to the Tower with her,
I think she'll wake up.
[Takuya] What are you
talking about?
Did you come back for
such a thing?
"Such a thing"?!
[Hiroki] We made a
promise, remember?
I have dreams about Sayuri...
So many times... repeatedly...
[Hiroki]
She was alone in a place
where there was no one around,
and she told me she couldn't
remember anything.
But she remembers that promise.
We promised again in the dream,
that I'd really take her
to the Tower this time.
And I-I can't believe it's
just a dream.
You come back after
three years...
I wondered what it was about...
And it was about a dream?
[Takuya] I can't even stand
to look at you.
I don't have time for
this kid stuff.
[Takuya] You're just obsessed.
I'll help you forget.
Stop it!
[bang]
Takuya!
Save Sayuri...
or save the world?
[school bell]
[Hiroki] I, uh,
forgot something.
[Sayuri] I see.
[Hiroki] Aren't you going
home, Sayuri?
Oh, yes. I am.
[Sayuri] Hiroki...
What happened to your cheek?
[Hiroki] Oh, I had a little
fight with Takuya.
[Sayuri] Are you okay?
[Hiroki] I'm okay, yeah.
I'm sure we'll make up soon.
Probably.
Listen, have a good evening.
[Sayuri] Hiroki!
A-Are you going to the station?
[Sayuri] I always have
a premonition...
premonition of
losing something.
The world is so beautiful.
But I feel like I'm the only
one who's far from it.
[Hiroki] But I think that
at that time,
it looked to me as if Sayuri
was at the center of
the brilliant world.
Ah. I see.
I just felt like I sort
of understood...
Something...
Something important...
[Hiroki] Hello! Is anyone home?
Mr. Okabe!
It's me, Hiroki.
But the contact information...
[Okabe] Just as I thought.
My, Hiroki. How you've grown.
Okabe?
What are you-
I heard it from Takuya.
Let's see just how
determined you are.
[Okabe] You guys destroy
that Tower.
[Maki] Are the terrorist bombing
rumors true?
[Takuya] I don't know.
But the start of the war is
probably coming soon...
and once it starts,
research on the Tower may be
the last thing we can think of.
I think that
what Tsukinoe's doing
and what terrorists like
Uilta are doing...
may be the same thing.
Protesting the
North-South division.
You're so mysterious,
aren't you, Shirakawa?
[Maki] I feel like you have
a lot of secrets.
[Takuya] No, not at all...
Sorry. I'll make some tea.
And then, I'll treat
your wound, okay?
You seem to get a lot
of wounds these days.
Sorry.
Do you have some troubles
or something?
No, I'm okay.
[Takuya] Really...
He was my best friend.
[Maki] What?
[Takuya] We admired the
very same things.
And we had the same goals.
[Maki] Yeah.
[Takuya] But we both went
to different places.
How can I say?
I didn't know in which
direction I should go...
even though the energies and
urges I couldn't understand
welled up inside.
[Maki] Yeah.
[Takuya] So I was relieved
to join the work at this lab,
I felt like I'd found something
I should be doing.
I was glad to meet you.
[Takuya] I don't want to
involve you.
There's something I have to do.
[Takuya] When this...
when this is all over,
I would like to...
I would like to see you again.
Shirakawa!
[Takuya] Sayuri...
Let's go to the promised place.
This time, for sure.
[Tomizawa] What's going on,
Oka-chan?
You're going to use kids
for something like that?
[Okabe] They're the ones who
wanted to do it.
Besides, the surrounding area
of the Tower
has been swallowed by what you
call parallel worlds, right?
No one's going
to die there.
[Tomizawa] That's no
reason for-
[Okabe] Calm down, Tomizawa.
Anyway, by the time
they get back,
they won't be kids anymore.
Shall I guess what
you're thinking right now?
Oh boy, oh boy...
[Okabe] Well then,
I'm hanging up.
It's finally coming to a climax.
Is Sayuri really going
to wake up with that?
[Takuya] I'm convinced she
will too, now. For some reason.
The promise from that day is
probably her tie to reality.
Even now, she's waiting for the
Bella Ciela in her dream.
I feel that Hiroki and I always
knew this somehow.
The Bella Ciela is
a two-seater,
and I really couldn't pilot
her with this arm.
[Takuya] I'll stay behind and
watch what happens to the Tower.
I thought it was cold. Looks
like it's snowing again.
I'll be going now.
Yeah. Look at that.
You two are working
together again.
Now be good to each other!
[Hiroki] Which one is it...
Is this it?
[door opening]
[Takuya] Did you hear it
from Mr. Okabe?
[Hiroki] Yeah.
[Hiroki] Takuya.
Which version of BIOS you think
I should use?
You changed the ladder,
didn't you?
I don't have the one after that.
It's in this.
It also has one for
the Seeker missile.
What else do you have to do?
I still have to do a little
bit of wiring.
On the superconducting
motor, I think.
[Takuya] Five more hours until
war declaration.
Flying is going to take you
right into the middle of
the fighting.
I'll do the software so
you can finish up the wiring.
[Hiroki] Yeah.
Takuya, what's up with that
error message?!
[Takuya] What?
[Hiroki] The one with
the Version Check.
[Takuya] Version Check?
Oh, isn't that the part you
put together three years ago?
[Hiroki] Oh, really?
[Takuya] You haven't changed...
Idiot.
[Takuya] Hiroki!
Take a look at this.
[Hiroki] What?
[Takuya] The forecast of
the battle conditions
off the coast of Tsugaru is out.
It's just what we thought.
So, the frontline will be
around the 42nd latitude.
The inland area,
especially around the Tower
is almost empty.
The erosion of land is
pretty advanced.
Well?
We slip through by flying in
low with the jet engine...
until we go through the strait.
After passing the 42nd latitude,
when we increase the altitude.
How's that sound?
Yeah... seems that's the
only way.
[Takuya]
When you get to the Tower,
coinciding with when Sayuri
wakes up,
the disparate matter conversion
on the ground
should start again.
When that happens,
break away immediately.
Once you're more than 10 km away
from the Tower,
fire the Seeker missile.
I programmed it to take
over from there.
[Hiroki] Yeah. It should
be okay, right?
Yeah. Two hours left until
the start of the war.
We finished it earlier
than we thought.
Mmhmm.
[Takuya] Hiroki...
[Hiroki] Huh?
[Takuya] Is it possible that
you could play the violin?
[Takuya] You know, you're
awfully single-minded.
Kind of like an idiot,
aren't you?
It's none of you business,
you jerk!
You're the one who asked
me to play!
Look this way, please.
Just shut up, will ya?!
Be quiet and listen!
[Sayuri] I can tell
my body's trembling
at the premonition
of waking u p.
I don't know why, but the fear
is strong than the hope I have.
[Hiroki]
"I always have a premonition
of losing something."
That's what she said.
I also feel the same premonition
right now.
[Sayuri] But...
As promised after school
one day...
I'm going to that Tower.
[Arisaka] The Tower's operating
levels are rising again!
Erosion area of the branch
universes is expanding!
[Maki] Its radius is
currently about 36km...
in the middle of a
slow expansion.
Is it reacting to the
sign of her waking up?
You're sure it's okay, Oka-chan?
[Maki] Professor!
Sir, a declaration of war has
just been made!
The first encounter is the
Tsugaru coast.
[gunfire]
The land!
Hey, Sayuri.
[Hiroki] It's the
promised place.
[Sayuri] Those wings...
The Bella Ciela.
[Sayuri] My
dream's disappearing.
Oh, I see.
I know now what
I'm going to lose.
Oh God...
Please, God...
[Sayuri and Hiroki] Please, God.
[Hiroki] Please wake Sayuri
from her sleep.
Please. Please.
[Sayuri]
Please, even if it's just for
a moment after waking up,
please don't erase the feeling
that I have right now.
I have to tell Hiroki,
how special the connection
between our hearts was
in my dream and...
how much I was longing
for Hiroki
and how deeply
he longed for me...
in a world where there was
no one around.
Sayuri...
[Sayuri] Please.
I have to tell him how much
I've loved him all this time.
If I could... If I could
tell him that much,
I don't need anything else.
Please, even for just
a second...
this feeling that I have!
Please!
Sayuri...
Hiroki.
[Maki] Disparate matter
conversion is rapidly expanding!
Ezo's being swallowed in!
Sayuri...
I have...
I have to tell you something
very important.
But it's gone...
[Sayuri] It's gone!
[Hiroki] Everything will
be all right.
Because you're awake now.
You're back now. Back.
[Hiroki] Welcome back, Sayuri.
[Hiroki] We've lost our
promised place in this world.
But even so,
we'll start living now.